Create blog post 'A Bit of Action for Pull/Merge Requests and the Tokens UI (#312)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2021-09-14-scm-more-pull-request-actions-and-ui.md

---
layout: post
title: A Bit of Action for Pull/Merge Requests and the Tokens UI
category: development
---

> We're back with changes to improve workflows in the integration between OBS and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After some quiet vacation month we are back with changes to improve workflows in the integration between OBS and
```

> SCMs. This time, we add support for closed, merged and reopened pull/merge
> requests while allowing you to regenerate and trigger tokens in the web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source code management systems (SCM) like Github and Gitlab. Workflows are cleaning up after themselves when pull/merge requests are closed or merged. And additionally to that  you can now regenerate and trigger tokens in the web UI.
```

Author: This definitely reads better while providing a bit more details while still summarizing what we did. I still find it tough to write a good lede.
